[WIP] EKS access entry and policy association changes (#35037)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/eks_cluster.html.markdown

  }
}
```
### EKS Cluster with Access Config

```terraform
resource "aws_iam_role" "example" {
  assume_role_policy = data.aws_iam_policy_document.example_assume_role_policy.json
  name               = "example"
}

resource "aws_eks_cluster" "example" {
  name     = "example-cluster"
  role_arn = aws_iam_role.example.arn

  vpc_config {
    endpoint_private_access = true
    endpoint_public_access  = false
    # ... other configuration ...
  }

  access_config {

>     authentication_mode                         = "CONFIGMAP"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    authentication_mode                         = "CONFIG_MAP"
```

### encryption_config

The `access_config` configuration block supports the following arguments:

> * `authentication_mode` - (Optional) The authentication mode for the cluster. Valid values are CONFIGMAP, API or APIANDCONFIGMAP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `authentication_mode` - (Optional) The authentication mode for the cluster. Valid values are `CONFIG_MAP`, `API` or `API_AND_CONFIG_MAP`
```

> * `bootstrap_cluster_creator_admin_permissions` - (Optional) Weather to bootstrap the access confif values to the cluster. Default is `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `bootstrap_cluster_creator_admin_permissions` - (Optional) Whether or not to bootstrap the access config values to the cluster. Default is `true`.
```
